Update display document with test script (#3244)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/display/index.rst

.. _display-engine:

> Color test patron
> -----------------
> 
> When you have issues with your color display you can best test your display with bellow test script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Color Test Pattern
------------------

If you're experiencing issues with your color display, the script below can help you to identify what might be wrong.
```

It will show 3 color bars in **RED**, **GREEN** and **BLUE**. To help the graphics display team determine 

> what the best way is to help you, we would love to see an image of the below result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the best way to help you, a picture of the result of this script is very helpful.
```

> Also when you create an issue about your display, please add the link where you brought the display from 
> so we can validate the used configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should you create an issue in GitHub regarding your display, please include a link to where you purchased it 
so that we can validate the configuration you've used.
```
